CASSANDRA-17639 May 2022 blog "The Path to Green CI" (#130)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog.adoc

- Replace post tile, date, description and link to you post.
////

//start card
[openblock,card shadow relative test]
----
[openblock,card-header]
------
[discrete]
=== The Path to Green CI
[discrete]
==== May 19, 2022
------
[openblock,card-content]
------

> We reflect on our development journey, the work that goes into testing and pull out some numbers to demonstrate the level of testing that now goes into Apache Cassandra as we approach the GA of Cassandra 4.1.

Reviewer: @dtopdontstop each card can only hold a maximum of 175 characters (or roughly 25 words) so I've edited the summary to make it fit within the card:
```suggestion
As we approach the GA of Cassandra 4.1, we reflect on our development journey and show some statistics to demonstrate the level of testing that now goes into the project.
```
